well friend of us Volkswagen I'm Ken
bhima's rather chilly afternoon I'm
going to show you a phenomenal Buy when
a 2008 VA Touareg this it was driven by
the dealer principal you know he has
seventy six hundred miles look at this
galápagos anthracite leather beautiful
this is the top-of-the-line touring as a
luxury Plus package technology package
loaded to the gills
l'ainte inch alloys retro goodyear
all-season radials what do you see the
side this one come on okay here we are
inside this beetle menteur egg let me
show you some of its amenities power
windows power locks fuel door release
truck police Dynaudio stereo system a 12
way power seat with a three-position
memory three different individuals very
handy feature daytime running light
coven tilt telescopic wheel I'm a little
over 6 feet tall I have a lot of legroom
plenty of headroom in his vehicle stereo
controls and the string wheel the air
gonna mix outlet is beagles outstanding
everything's very user friendly
navigation six disc CD changer heated
seats dual climate control heated side
mirrors you have a six-speed Tiptronic
transmission which you can actually
shift this vehicle if you'd like with a
four corner air suspension okay just the
ride of the vehicle right here sport
bought oh we're comfortable on your
lightness beautiful anthracite leather
new roof
very gullible let me show you the back
okay here we are in the back of the
touring very roomy very spacious you
have a 60/40 fold-down rear seat in the
back dual zone climate control for the
passengers will also have heated rear
seats nice is that also we don't need
spongebob hanging from the window for a
sunshade anymore we have it right here
center armrest with cupholders very
roomy ideal family that should be let me
show you the back now let me show you
another great feature on this tour you
have groceries and cargo this is a power
liftgate
which I did with the remote my hand
we folded down the 60/40 rear seats so
you get an idea of how much space
actually goes in this story which is
enormous amount they have tie-downs in
the rear to 12 all adapters and AC
adapter right here
step back touching this
okay this 2008 corn a v8 demo as MSRP of
fifty eight thousand five hundred eighty
dollars offering this vehicle on sale
right now with $43,500 that is real
value only at Douglas please give us a
call 908 to seven seven 3300 be sure to
visit us online at Douglas BW calm